[INFO] Scanning for projects...
[WARNING] No explicit target runtime environment configuration. Build is platform dependent.
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.core.contenttype
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.core.contenttype_3.4.100.v20100505-1235 [4]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="[3.2.0,4.0.0)"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.core.net
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.core.net_1.2.100.I20100511-0800 [6]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.security; bundle-version="[1.0.0,2.0.0)"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.core.runtime
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.core.runtime_3.6.0.v20100505 [11]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="[3.4.0,4.0.0)"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.ecf
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.ecf_3.1.0.v20100529-0735 [13]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.ecf.filetransfer
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.ecf.filetransfer_4.0.0.v20100529-0735 [14]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.ecf.identity
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.ecf.identity_3.1.0.v20100529-0735 [15]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer_3.1.0.v20100529-0735 [16]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.ecf; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer.httpclient
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer.httpclient_4.0.0.v20100529-0735 [17]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.app
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.app_1.3.0.v20100512 [21]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="[3.4.0,4.0.0)"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.artifact.repository
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.artifact.repository_1.1.0.v20100513 [26]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director_2.0.0.v20100525 [28]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Import-Package: org.eclipse.equinox.p2.engine; version="[2.0.0,3.0.0)"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.engine
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.engine_2.0.0.v20100606 [29]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository_1.1.0.v20100513 [32]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.registry; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher_1.1.0.v20100513 [33]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Import-Package: javax.xml.parsers; version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository_2.0.0.v20100519 [34]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.ecf.filetransfer; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatesite
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatesite_1.0.200.v20100503 [35]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository; bundle-version="0.1.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.registry
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.registry_3.5.0.v20100503 [37]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Import-Package: javax.xml.parsers; version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.eclipse.equinox.security
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.eclipse.equinox.security_1.0.200.v20100503 [38]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Import-Package: javax.crypto; version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.sonatype.tycho.p2.impl
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.sonatype.tycho.p2.impl_0.9.0.20100621-1607 [47]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.core.runtime; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Could not start bundle org.sonatype.tycho.p2.maven.repository
org.osgi.framework.BundleException: The bundle "org.sonatype.tycho.p2.maven.repository_0.9.0.20100621-1607 [48]" could not be resolved. Reason: Missing Constraint: Require-Bundle: org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository; bundle-version="0.0.0"
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolverError(AbstractBundle.java:1317)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.getResolutionFailureException(AbstractBundle.java:1301)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.BundleHost.startWorker(BundleHost.java:319)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:284)
	at org.eclipse.osgi.framework.internal.core.AbstractBundle.start(AbstractBundle.java:276)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.doStart(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:111)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.start(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:54)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:170)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[WARNING] Error initializing: class org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Service is not registered interface org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.internal.P2ResolverFactory
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:182)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
[ERROR] Internal error: java.lang.RuntimeException: Could not instantiate required component: com.google.inject.ProvisionException: Guice provision errors:
[ERROR] 
[ERROR] 1) Error injecting: org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver
[ERROR] at ClassRealm[extension>org.sonatype.tycho:tycho-maven-plugin:0.9.0, parent: sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader@7ea2dfe]
[ERROR] while locating org.codehaus.tycho.TargetPlatformResolver annotated with @com.google.inject.name.Named(value=p2)
[ERROR] 
[ERROR] 1 error
[ERROR] role: org.codehaus.tycho.TargetPlatformResolver
[ERROR] roleHint: p2: Guice provision errors:
[ERROR] 
[ERROR] 1) Error notifying InjectionListener org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder@5aacc14 of org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.
[ERROR] Reason: java.lang.IllegalStateException: Service is not registered interface org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.internal.P2ResolverFactory
[ERROR] while locating org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver
[ERROR] 
[ERROR] 1 error
[ERROR] -> [Help 1]
org.apache.maven.InternalErrorException: Internal error: java.lang.RuntimeException: Could not instantiate required component
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:168)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.execute(MavenCli.java:534)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMain(MavenCli.java:196)
	at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:141)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:25)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:597)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhanced(Launcher.java:290)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launch(Launcher.java:230)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCode(Launcher.java:409)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:352)
Caused by: java.lang.RuntimeException: Could not instantiate required component
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:448)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.afterProjectsRead(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:135)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:273)
	at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:156)
	... 11 more
Caused by: org.codehaus.plexus.component.repository.exception.ComponentLookupException: com.google.inject.ProvisionException: Guice provision errors:

1) Error injecting: org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver
  at ClassRealm[extension>org.sonatype.tycho:tycho-maven-plugin:0.9.0, parent: sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader@7ea2dfe]
  while locating org.codehaus.tycho.TargetPlatformResolver annotated with @com.google.inject.name.Named(value=p2)

1 error
      role: org.codehaus.tycho.TargetPlatformResolver
  roleHint: p2
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:251)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:239)
	at org.codehaus.tycho.maven.TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.lookupPlatformResolver(TychoMavenLifecycleParticipant.java:444)
	... 14 more
Caused by: com.google.inject.ProvisionException: Guice provision errors:

1) Error injecting: org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver
  at ClassRealm[extension>org.sonatype.tycho:tycho-maven-plugin:0.9.0, parent: sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader@7ea2dfe]
  while locating org.codehaus.tycho.TargetPlatformResolver annotated with @com.google.inject.name.Named(value=p2)

1 error
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:958)
	at com.google.inject.Scopes$1$1.get(Scopes.java:59)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.locators.LazyQualifiedBean.getValue(LazyQualifiedBean.java:66)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.locators.LazyPlexusBean.getValue(LazyPlexusBean.java:54)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.DefaultPlexusContainer.lookup(DefaultPlexusContainer.java:247)
	... 16 more
Caused by: com.google.inject.ProvisionException: Guice provision errors:

1) Error notifying InjectionListener org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder@5aacc14 of org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.
 Reason: java.lang.IllegalStateException: Service is not registered interface org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.internal.P2ResolverFactory
  while locating org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver

1 error
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:958)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.getInstance(InjectorImpl.java:984)
	at org.sonatype.guice.bean.reflect.AbstractDeferredClass.get(AbstractDeferredClass.java:48)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.get(InternalFactoryToProviderAdapter.java:40)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:995)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	... 20 more
Caused by: java.lang.IllegalStateException: Service is not registered interface org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.internal.P2ResolverFactory
	at org.sonatype.tycho.osgi.DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.getService(DefaultEquinoxEmbedder.java:182)
	at org.sonatype.tycho.p2.facade.P2TargetPlatformResolver.initialize(P2TargetPlatformResolver.java:521)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.initialize(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:265)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manageLifecycle(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:227)
	at org.codehaus.plexus.PlexusLifecycleManager.manage(PlexusLifecycleManager.java:134)
	at org.sonatype.guice.plexus.binders.PlexusBeanBinder.afterInjection(PlexusBeanBinder.java:79)
	at com.google.inject.internal.MembersInjectorImpl.notifyListeners(MembersInjectorImpl.java:97)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorInjector.construct(ConstructorInjector.java:95)
	at com.google.inject.internal.ConstructorBindingImpl$Factory.get(ConstructorBindingImpl.java:253)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4$1.call(InjectorImpl.java:949)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl.callInContext(InjectorImpl.java:1002)
	at com.google.inject.internal.InjectorImpl$4.get(InjectorImpl.java:945)
	... 26 more
[ERROR] 
[ERROR] To see the full stack trace of the errors, re-run Maven with the -e switch.
[ERROR] Re-run Maven using the -X switch to enable full debug logging.
[ERROR] 
[ERROR] For more information about the errors and possible solutions, please read the following articles:
[ERROR] [Help 1] http://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MAVEN/InternalErrorException
